So, yes, we are discussed are discussing about the chickens depositing method, like getting that
deposit in bull and the dry and gas block exception handling methods.
I mean, call and these they're asking for a month to be deposited in their checking accounts.
So there are some conditions to be checked before depositing any amount, whether it be that chickens,
deposit accounts or the savings deposits.
So yes, it is going to check like that.
Checking some balance, an amount which we are willing to deposit is greater than zero and the amount
in which we are going to deposit is also greater than zero.
So the combined sum of the balance and the amount and the specific amount should be greater than zero
as a whole.
And then it is going to like look at the checking deposit amount.
So suppose if we have 10000 already and we want to deposit two thousand, then it is going to like calculate
everything.
We have used this calculation for deposit.
So yes, it is going to calculate everything and then I'll put the current savings account balance,
which will be us, some of that deposited money and the current balance.
So yes, this is going to out for the overall balance after the deposit and as the block is going to
return, like the balance, if it becomes less than zero, then this if not executed and this is well
executed inside this overall try block and this is going to like show that balance cannot be negative.
Suppose that you have already one thousand in your account and you want to like deposit some negative
number like suppose you want to deposit minus two thousand do your account, then the overall balances
become minus one thousand, which is not possible at all.
The balance cannot be negative at any cost.
So these things are kept in mind before depositing all of it to drawing money from this system.
So, yes, this is all about savings to withdraw.
Similarly, we have chickens deposit.
So in the similar way, we were checking everything with the tribe lock and gajraula.
We are checking here in the same way like we are checking the balance, whether the sum is like combined
sum is greater than zero and the amount we are willing to deposit is greater than zero.
Not if yes, then it is going to like system down, putting them in the cart and checking account balance.
We have like operated everything initially.
This is.
Yes.
So after their deposit, the balance is going to be like current savings account balance and this is
going to be returned in this manner only.
So yes, this is the apple we are receiving here.
Yes.
So everything is written in the call logs.
Inside the Australian gas blocks, we have commands for everything in case if there are any exception,
then it is going to be invalid terms like suppose you are inputting some basic things, endeavoured
to draw many choice option, then it is going to like output, invalid choice.
And if the balance is negative, then it is going to stop this if Block's execution on this block is
going to execute simply.
And we have already covered this in Malik's choice.
So, yes, the next concern is to get that deposit in board.
So a separate function, we are going to create public void.
OK.
Checking some bolt.
So checking the positive report.
Yes, the second one and this chicken deposit being bought is going to be responsible for like checking
the kinds of exceptions arising in the depositing bite of the checking cell phone, like we have two
types of accounts checking some savings accounts.
So we are handling both of them separately.
We are handling the withdrawal and deposit bank separately for work on them.
So initially, sending the end false and a while loop is going to be executed like before end of this
process.
What what is going to be performed?
So our try block, of course, which is going to check that everything is correct or not.
So this out and this is going to match, slash and display the current savings account.
And so we are checking it for the checking account.
So it is going to display the checking accounts, checking account balance and avoid any kind of typos.
I will fix this.
And then all of the typos are mistakes done then?
Yes.
So the current balance will be displayed and this is going to be done in the form of money for motive
and not format.
What is the argument we are going, but this is going to be checking balance, is this.
So we are done with this.
Like this out thing now, this next concern is to ask the user the amount they want to deposit to their
checking account.
So now they're asking the user about the amount they want to deposit into their savings account.
OK, so this is the checking account.
We will be replacing this with a savings account right now and then doing the same for their checking
accounts also.
So get saving deposit in gold and then it is going to current savings account balance like display the
balance, then ask the user the amount of deposited and then it will be simply add the card into balance
with that amount, which is going to be deposited then.
And and that whether it is yes, later than zero or not in the similar way we were checking it for the
checking deposited in full.
So yes, this is done like this.
Now after this, OK, so this boolean then.
Get savings account savings deposits, yes.
So there is no lack of a place or maybe extra.
So, yes, this is going to display the current savings account balance if everything is fine.
That is no exception, then this if block is going to be executed and if this is not the case, I suppose
the balance is less than the sum on this, like both of them are executed together.
Any offer one becomes false, then the complete statement is going to be like it existed on this Earth,
block will be executed.
So both of them should be true in order to make this if statement run properly.
So savings amount and amount, suppose they become negative, they are less than zero, then this is
going to be executed.
And it brings balance cannot be negative.
So we have to keep in mind these things.
Yes, OK.
The next step is to execute the catch block.
Getting that trans funding put is also one of the major concerns inside this account.
We are done with the saving deposit in both the checking deposit input and saving with the drawing board
and checking this the.
So all four of them get the metrics that go on now.
The fourth one is to get the transport input so public won't get transferred input.
Is the next concern?
And inside this argument, which is going to give us initially, is that they like initially it is asking
that type of account like let us possibly in court today, argument and then I will show you what actually
this does.
So yes, this gets transfer in court is asking for that type of account and we can see that.
Yes.
So, cheer select an account you wish to transfer funds to.
So initially it was asking for a string in one, which is going to be the type of account, whether
it be the checking account or if we are already in the taking seconds and we're going to be asking for
a savings and.
So you have to choose from these two.
So this get transfer input in going to working back to me Boolean and in the similar way as the alternate
methods we have to till now.
And while.
Not is equal to and then this tri block will be executed.
And then.
If there is any kind of exception, then we will be having a celebrity like catch block also.
For catching that type of exemption, so inside the try block, we are going to.
They like the if statement, check back down type, place, knock down, die because.
The chickens are gone then.
The our ports are going to be.
Natalie, we will be looking, you know, the sea south.
So if we are in check in seconds, then a backslash, then select then account you wish to transfer
funds to is going to be the.
Like message on your screens.
So, yes, this is the one select an accounting average to transfer funds to.
Select band account.
You wish to transfer funds.
No.
Yes.
So this is done in that the real case of selecting type of account.
Now the next one is going to be the list of choices and the choices are going to be we will be like
copying this whole case of firstly, let us.
In that type of account, strength input containing savings.
And exec.
And after that box lesson with choice, so copying this two more times.
For the disarmament plan, the second one is going to be exit.
If we are in the.
Bus two months there will be a if my turn also are like as if not one, if we are in the night checking
stuff gone down.
We want to transfer funds to the checking account, then things are going to be different.
So, yes, this is going to be the three sixth out for the choices, like a list of choices we are going
to have now in the next budget.
We are going to declare the choice variable for the type of choice user input.
So input not next in.
Yes.
This is in business like riding a bus inside Java.
So yes, and choice and good next choice.
And then after this, we are going to like initialize a switch gears.
Suppose if you user inputs like one for the savings account, if they are in the checking account right
now and they want to see it switch to transfer money into the savings account, then switch gears will
be executed in order to like ask the user what is the money they want to transfer and everything?
No.
Yes.
Let's switch gears six, executing that humanity's choice.
So we have one, too, and the default case, the first case is asking that if they want to like transfer
of money to the savings account and it is going to output to the current account balance, then we ask
for the money they want to deposit to the savings account and then the next step they will like it output
the present balance after the successful transition.
So yes, the same time we discussed above is the cheque there.
The balance should not be negative in any case, and invalid choices are also checked out in choices
should be made very carefully.
Now, similarly for this checking, Seccombe say that things are done in the similar way.
I have already discussed this about this as if we are taking the same thing for the savings account,
the types of account and everything is done in the similar way.
We have checked this for the checking account since the string expressive type is going to be this similar
for the savings account as well.
If they choose to transfer money to the checking account, then these will be the questions asked to
the user.
What is going to be the type of account and the money they want, then deposit and then the calculated
balance will be displayed.
So do you then that what they transferred and what is actually left with them?
So this is all about that account glass.
We have covered all the calculations required inside this now suing the next by.